Add CLI and serverless plugin modes for instrumenting java functions (#14785)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/installation/java.md

Datadog offers many different ways to enable instrumentation for your serverless applications. Choose a method below that best suits your needs. Datadog generally recommends using the Datadog CLI.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Datadog CLI" %}}

The Datadog CLI modifies existing Lambda functions' configurations to enable instrumentation without requiring a new deployment. It is the quickest way to get started with Datadog's serverless monitoring.

1. Install the Datadog CLI client

    ```sh
    npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
    ```

> 2. If you are new to Datadog serverless monitoring, launch the Datadog CLI in interactive mode to guide your first installation for a quick start, and you can ignore the remaining steps. To permanently install Datadog for your production applications, skip this step and follow the remaining ones to run the Datadog CLI command in your CI/CD pipelines _after_ your normal deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you are new to Datadog serverless monitoring, launch the Datadog CLI in interactive mode to guide your first installation for a quick start, and you can ignore the remaining steps on this page. To permanently install Datadog for your production applications, skip this step and follow the remaining ones to run the Datadog CLI command in your CI/CD pipelines _after_ your normal deployment.
```

    ```sh
    datadog-ci lambda instrument -i
    ```

3. Configure the AWS credentials

    The Datadog CLI requires access to the AWS Lambda service and depends on the AWS JavaScript SDK to [resolve the credentials][1]. Ensure your AWS credentials are configured using the same method you would use when invoking the AWS CLI.

4. Configure the Datadog site

>     Specify the [Datadog site][2] where the telemetry should be sent to. The default is `datadoghq.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Specify the [Datadog site][2] where the telemetry should be sent. The default is `datadoghq.com`.
```

    ```sh
    export DATADOG_SITE="<DD_SITE>" # such as datadoghq.com, datadoghq.eu or ddog-gov.com
    ```

> 5. Configure the Datadog API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configure your Datadog API key
```

    Datadog recommends saving the Datadog API key in AWS Secrets Manager for security and easy rotation. The key needs to be stored as a plaintext string (not a JSON blob). Ensure your Lambda functions have the required `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` IAM permission.

    ```sh
    export DATADOG_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN="<DATADOG_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN>"
    ```

    For quick testing purposes, you can also set the Datadog API key in plaintext:

    ```sh
    export DATADOG_API_KEY="<DATADOG_API_KEY>"
    ```

6. Instrument your Lambda functions

>     **Note**: Instrument your Lambda functions in a dev or staging environment first! Should the instrumentation result be unsatisfactory, run `uninstrument` with the same arguments to revert the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: Instrument your Lambda functions in a dev or staging environment first. If your instrumentation results are unsatisfactory, you can run `uninstrument` with the same arguments to revert the changes.
```

Datadog offers many different ways to enable instrumentation for your serverless applications. Choose a method below that best suits your needs. Datadog generally recommends using the Datadog CLI.

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab "Datadog CLI" %}}

Reviewer 2: the `custom` and `container image` tabs also need to be updated, since datadog-lambda-java is no longer needed

Reviewer 2: Also, is `Set DD_TRACE_ENABLED to true` still needed? Do you know if we default the tracing to be on or not? It's Ok to leave it as is, but the fewer instructions the better.

Reviewer 2: Also under the "custom" section (for both .NET and Java), do you mind helping update the layer ARN section to folllow the pattern from Python? Basically we should show users the right ARN to use GovCloud vs Commercial and arm64 vs x86

    RUN wget -O /opt/dd-java-agent.jar https://dtdg.co/latest-java-tracer
    ```

3. Set the required environment variables

    - Set `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER` to `/opt/datadog_wrapper`.
    - Set `DD_SITE` to {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} (ensure the correct SITE is selected on the right).
    - Set `DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN` to the ARN of the AWS secret where your [Datadog API key][3] is securely stored. The key needs to be stored as a plaintext string (not a JSON blob). The `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission is required. For quick testing, you can use `DD_API_KEY` instead and set the Datadog API key in plaintext.

[1]: https://gallery.ecr.aws/datadog/lambda-extension

> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys

Reviewer 2: Need to update the link index, `[Datadog API key][3]` is now broken.

Author: thanks, good catch

    - Set `DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN` to the ARN of the AWS secret where your [Datadog API key][3] is securely stored. The key needs to be stored as a plaintext string (not a JSON blob). The `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission is required. For quick testing, you can use `DD_API_KEY` instead and set the Datadog API key in plaintext.

[1]: https://gallery.ecr.aws/datadog/lambda-extension
[2]: https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.datadoghq/datadog-lambda-java
[3]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Custom" %}}

1. Install the Datadog Lambda Extension
1. Install the Datadog Tracer

    [Configure the layers][1] for your Lambda function using the ARN in the following format:

    `arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:Datadog-Extension:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="extension" >}}`
    ```sh
    # Use this format for Lambda deployed in AWS commercial regions
    arn:aws:lambda:<AWS_REGION>:464622532012:layer:dd-trace-java:{{< latest-lambda-layer-version layer="dd-trace-java" >}}

> 2. Install the Datadog Java APM client

Reviewer 3: So, we have the dd-trace-java ready for GovCloud now? I did not see it in the [layers-gov.json](https://github.com/DataDog/serverless-plugin-datadog/blob/master/src/layers-gov.json#:~:text=25%22%2C-,%22dotnet%22%3A%20%22arn%3Aaws%2Dus%2D,-gov%3Alambda%3Aus%2Dgov%2Dwest) file of Serverless Plugin.

Author: I see it right below what you linked? Not sure what you mean. I see `"java": "arn:aws-us-gov:lambda:us-gov-west-1:002406178527:layer:dd-trace-java:5"` for both `us-gov-east-1` and `us-gov-west-1`.

    - Set `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER` to `/opt/datadog_wrapper`.
    - Set `DD_SITE` to {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}} (ensure the correct SITE is selected on the right).
    - Set `DD_API_KEY_SECRET_ARN` to the ARN of the AWS secret where your [Datadog API key][3] is securely stored. The key needs to be stored as a plaintext string (not a JSON blob). The `secretsmanager:GetSecretValue` permission is required. For quick testing, you can use `DD_API_KEY` instead and set the Datadog API key in plaintext.

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-layers.html

> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys

Reviewer 2: Link is broken.

Author: thanks, good catch
